gh-131327: Document winsound.SND_APPLICATION (#131328)
python/cpython: Doc/library/winsound.rst

      This flag is not supported on modern Windows platforms.

.. data:: SND_APPLICATION

   The *sound* parameter is an application-specific alias in the registry.

>    You can combine this flag with the :const:`SND_ALIAS` flag
>    to specify an application-defined sound alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This flag can be combined with the :const:`SND_ALIAS` flag
   to specify an application-defined sound alias.
```

The rest of document does not seem to directly address the reader.
